In case of allotment of convertible securities, can the period of six months for lockin of pre preferential allotment shareholding under regulation 78(6) be calculated from the date of trading approval granted for last conversion into equity shares by the stock exchange?
Can the issuer reject an IPO grade?
How to get registered as a Mutual Fund?
Is service tax included in the limit of expenses?
Is the risk disclaimer (viz. ‘Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks, read all scheme related documents carefully’) mandatory in corporate advertisements that are a form of brand promotion?
What is the procedure for Change in the Controlling Interest of the Asset Management Company?
How is a mutual fund set up?
What are the different types of mutual fund schemes?
Do I need to pay anything to the distributor who sells me mutual fund schemes?
Is service tax included in the limit of expenses?
What is the procedure for Change in the Controlling Interest of the Asset Management Company?
What is Market Participant Identification Number?
What is the maximum brokerage that a broker can charge?
In case of purchase of shares, when do I make payment to the broker?
In case of sale of shares, when should the shares be given to the broker?
What is Margin Trading Facility?
How the regulatory framework governing Takeovers has evolved over a period?
How is the maximum permissible non-public shareholding in a listed company defined?
What is the basis of computation of the creeping acquisitions limit under Regulation 3(2) of Takeover Regulations 2011?
What is a voluntary open offer?
How is the voluntary offer made by a person holding less than 25% of shares/ voting rights in a target company different from the voluntary offer made by a person holding more than 25% of shares/ voting rights of the target company?
Do all acquisitions of shares in excess of the prescribed limits and control lead to an open offer?
What is the stipulated size of an open offer?
What is offer price?
Can the acquirer revise the offer price?
Will the promoter be entitled to non-compete or any other fees other than the offer price?
Are there special provisions for determining the offer price in case of open offer arising out of indirect acquisition of a target company?
What is ‘identified date’ in the context of SAST Regulations, 2011?
At what point of time in the process does a Merchant Banker need to be appointed and what is its role in the open offer process?
If post open offer the shareholding of the acquirer goes beyond the maximum permissible non-public shareholding limit, can the acquirer immediately make a delisting offer in terms of Delisting Regulations?
How will shareholder of the target company know that an open offer is made by the acquirer?
If the payment is delayed beyond 10 working days of the closure of the tendering period (closure of open offer), will the acquirer be required to compensate the public shareholders who have participated under the offer?
Are scheduled commercial banks and public financial institutions exempt from disclosure requirements under regulation 29 with regard to acquisition of shares by them on invocation of pledge?
Is proof of posting of the requisite disclosure within the time specified considered as the compliance of disclosure requirements under Takeover Regulations?
If the holding of any shareholder remains the same but the percentage of shareholding or voting rights of the total paid up share capital of the target company changes due to some corporate actions like buyback or preferential allotment, whether the shareholder is required to make disclosure of the change in shareholding disclosure under regulation 29(2) of Takeover Regulations, 2011?
How is the volume-weighted average market price of shares for a period of sixty trading days calculated under the Takeover Regulations?
What are the different types of encumbrances that are required to be disclosed
under Chapter - V of the SAST Regulations, 2011?
What is an Option contract?
What are requirements for a Member with regard to the conduct of his business?
What measures have been specified by SEBI to protect the rights of investor in Derivatives Market?
What is a Collective Investment Management Company?
What is an existing Collective Investment Scheme?
Can an existing Collective Investment Scheme raise further funds?
Under what circumstances a company registered as a Collective Investment Management Company can raise funds from the public?
Does filing of offer document of a scheme by a CIMC with SEBI mean that investment in that scheme is safe and sound?
Under what circumstances can an existing Collective Investment Scheme be wound up?
What is the procedure of making an application for obtaining registration as a portfolio manager from SEBI?
What fees can a portfolio manager charge from its clients for the services rendered by him?
What are the rules governing services of a Portfolio Manager? 
What is the exit opportunity available for investors in case a company gets delisted?
What would constitute demonstration of delivering the letter of offer to all the public shareholders in terms of the proviso to regulation 17(b) of Delisting Regulations in cases where atleast 25% of the public shareholders do not participate in the book building process?
What kind of cases can be compounded or consented?
Whether the original validity of registration as FII/SA will remain the same upon conversion as FPI?
Can the existing Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Sub Accounts (SA) continue to buy, sell or deal in securities till the expiry of their current registration without payment of conversion fees during the validity of their registration?
Whether it is mandatory for aSAto convert as FPI, if its FII chooses to convert as FPI?
How will the proprietary SAs of FIIs be categorized in the FPI regime?
Whether existing FIIs/SAs be required to open new custody account, depository account, and bank account upon conversion to FPI or can they retain their existing accounts?
The FII Regulations provide that investments by each FII/ SA shall not exceed ten percent of the total issued capital of an Indian company, while in the FPI regulations the applicable investment limit for each FPI is below ten percent. Whetherthe FIIs and SAs who hold 10% be required to disinvest the excess holdings?
Can the existing QFIs continue to buy, sell or deal in securities without payment of conversion fees?
How will the QFIs be categorized in the FPI regime?
Whether an NRI, who has opened depository account as QFI, shall be deemed FPI in the FPI regime?
Whether entities which are not regulatedeligible to register as FPIs?
What is a Foreign Government Agency?
What is meant by regulated or supervised in same capacity in which it proposes to make investments in India?
Whether it is necessary for the FPI applicant to be regulated in its home jurisdiction?
How would the Private Banks and Merchant Banks be classified? 
Should Private Banks be considered as appropriately regulated if they are regulated or supervised by the banking regulator of the concerned foreign jurisdiction and thus qualify to be Category II FPI?
Certain Jurisdictions e.g. Singapore treats certain intermediaries such as Merchant Banker/Broker Dealer as Exempt Financial Advisor. Whether such Exempt Financial Advisor can be registered as FPI in the category of Investment Advisor?
Whether an FPI applicanthaving bank as an investor be considered to fulfil the broad based criteria?
What is the recourse available to an FPI applicant if its registration application has been rejected by the DDP?
Whether opaque structures are eligible to register as FPIs?
How can the DDP verify the eligibility of Category I FPI?
For the purpose of determining whether an applicant meets the Broad Based Fund criteria, what information should be obtained by the DDPs?
How can the DDP determine whether an entity has been set up for the sole purpose of pooling funds and making investments? 
How can the DDP verify whetherapplicant is legally permitted to invest in securities outside the country of its incorporation or establishment?
How can the DDP verify whetherthe applicant is authorized by its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association or equivalent document(s) to invest?
What are the indicative parameters based on which the applicant shall be considered as having sufficient experience, good track record, professionally competent, financially sound and having a generally good reputation of fairness and integrity? 
How can the DDP verify if the grant of certificate as FPI to the applicant is in the interest of the development of the securities market?
What procedures should the DDP adhere to, to determine if the FPI is a fit and proper person?
What is the manner of computing the thirty day period available to DDP for disposing of an application?
Can a DDP consider an FPI application which has been previously rejected by another DDP?
How will a DDP know whether the applicant’s registration application was rejected by some other DDP and what were the reasons for such rejection?
How will a DDP ensure that equity shares held by FPIs are free from all encumbrances?
How can the DDP ascertain that the FPI applicant does not have opaque structure?
The FPI regulations state that the DDP shall preserve the books of accounts, records and documents specified in this regulation at all times. Is the DDP required to maintain all registration related documentation, all transaction details, etc. permanently?
Who will generate the FPI Registration number?
How will a CDSL DP which is acting as a DDP request for FPI registration number?
How will a NSDL DP which is acting as a DDP request for FPI registration number?
What is the manner of remittance of fees to SEBI by DDPs?
What is the basis of clubbing of investment limit of FPIs?
How will DDPs identify the entities forming part of an investor group?
Is the conversion fees applicable to erstwhile QFIs which are deemed to be FPIsin terms of the Regulations?
Kuwait does not appear in the IOSCO list nor does it reflect in the Bilateral MoU list. Please confirm whether applicants from Kuwait are eligible to seek registration as FPI?
In case of an FPI applicant, belonging to bank category, is it required to be regulated by a Central Bank in its jurisdiction which is a BIS member or can it be regulated by another regulator in its jurisdiction, which is not a BIS member?
The query relates to assessing an FPI applicant with a view to ensure that it is not an opaque structure such as PCC/SPC etc in terms of FPI framework. It states that an FPI applicant, which is currently registered as a Segregated Portfolio Company (SPC) does not fulfil broad based criteria. However, it complies with the other two conditions viz. it is regulated and willing to provide information regarding its beneficial owners as and when SEBI seeks. Is such an applicant eligible to get registered as Category III FPI?
Can a Sovereign Wealth Fund (SWF) desirous of seeking FPI registration, avail services of an external agency / firm to handle its compliance related matters? 
Whether an entity formed in a qualifying jurisdiction such as USA or UAE but having beneficial owners who are residents (distinct from citizens) of non-qualifying jurisdiction (For eg : Qatar or Pakistan) could qualify as a FPI?
Are FPIs allowed to invest in portfolio schemes managed by Portfolio Managers in India?
It is observed that in USA, Collective Investment Funds (CIFs) meeting the conditions specified in the Investment Company Act of 1940 are not required to register with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). CIFs are sponsored/administered by national banks, which are regulated and supervised by Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). Can such CIFs be eligible to get registered as Category II FPI? 
How will the erstwhile FIIs and Sub Accounts (SAs) which do not meet the eligibility requirements as stipulated under the Regulations, be categorized? 
Can a DDP grant approval to post facto requests for addition of share classes?
Can an FPI invest in listed Non Convertible Debentures (NCDs) of noninfrastructure companies?
Can a foreign citizen, who does not have any PIO/OCI registrations in India, though born in India, be allowed to invest through the FPI route?
Can a FDI investor holding equity stake in Indian company through the FDI route make debt investments in the same company simultaneously as an FPI?
Whether an FPI can invest in unlisted non-convertible debentures (NCDs)/bonds issued by an Indian company, which is not in the infrastructure sector, however, issue proceeds are proposed to be invested in infrastructure sector?
In some jurisdictions, Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) / Limited Liability Company (LLC) are used as legal structure for investment vehicles. Can a DDP consider such structures be considered as equivalent to funds?
I haven’t received the offer document/ acceptance/ tender form for delisting offer. How can I apply? 
Can the shareholders holding physical certificates, tender shares in open offer, buy-back through tender offer route, and exit offer in case of voluntary or compulsory delisting?
Can an investor freeze his account?
I am an MIRSD Intermediary (Direct). I am undergoing a change of shareholding. Do I need to take prior approval from SEBI?
How can I determine if the change of shareholding is resulting in change in control?
I am a sole proprietor. Am I eligible to be a Merchant Banker?
Who can be a Promoter of a CRA?
What is the minimum prescribed shareholding of a CRA?
What is the transition period provided for the existing persons acting as research analyst or research entity for obtaining registration under RA Regulations? 
Whether the individuals employed as research analyst with an entity are required to obtain registration certificate under RA Regulations?
Whether technical analysis is exempted under the purview of the RA Regulations?
Does RA Regulations cover only equity and equity linked securities?
What are the additional requirements to be fulfilled by proxy adviser?
Who is required to make an application to get registration under RA Regulations?
Who are exempted from making application for grant of registration under RA Regulations?
Whether journalists who are on the payrolls of media organizations such as newspaper or television are covered under definition of public media?
Whether journalists who are on the payrolls of media organizations such as newspaper or television are required to get registered with SEBI?
Whether the persons making recommendations through public media are required to obtain registration under RA Regulations?
What is the capital adequacy requirement for a Research Analyst?
What is the time period for obtaining certification as specified under regulation 7(2) of RA Regulations for an existing research analyst?
How long does the certificate of registration remain valid under RA Regulations?
When can a research analyst/research entity can apply for grant of renewal of its registration?
Who are all required to monitor the personal trading activities of the individuals employed as research analysts?
What are trading restrictions imposed under RA Regulations?
Whether the limitations on trading applicable to research entity or its associates, if it has segregated its research activities from other activities?
Who are required to appoint a compliance officer under RA Regulations?
Who is required to make an application to get registration under IA Regulations?
Where to make an application to get registered as an investment adviser?
Whether a bank or an NBFC which proposes to undertake investment advisory services is required to get registered under IA Regulations?
What are the qualification and certification requirements specified under IA Regulations?
Whether investment adviser providing investment advice exclusively to clients based out of India is exempted from obtaining registration under IA Regulations?
What are the obligations which are required to be fulfilled by the investment adviser?
Who is required to appoint a compliance officer?
What fees can an investment adviser charge from its clients for the services rendered by him?
Is a Merchant Banker required to take SEBI's prior approval for change in control?
Is a Merchant Banker required to obtain fresh registration after change in control?
What are the registration requirements for existing members of commodity derivatives exchanges?
What are the registration requirements for entities desirous of seeking membership of commodity derivatives exchanges after September 28, 2015?
What are the categories of members registered by SEBI in commodity derivatives market?
In what categories can an applicant seek registration as an AIF?
What are Category I AIFs?
What are Category II AIFs?
What are Category III AIFs?
What is the validity of the certificate of registration of an AIF? 
Can Venture Capital Funds registered under the repealed SEBI (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996 seek re-registration under SEBI (AIF) Regulations?
Is an AIF permitted to make an invitation to the public to subscribe to its securities?
Can an AIF change its category pursuant to registration?
Can an AIF raise any amount of funds from any investor?
Is the sponsor or management mandated to have an interest in AIF?
Can an AIF opt to be close-ended or open-ended, as it desires? 
What are the investment conditions for AIFs?
Where can an investor look out for information on AIF? 
What kind of reports can an investor expect from an AIF?
What is the procedure for winding up Alternative Investment Fund?
Whether  requirement  of  pre-clearance  is  applicable  for  exercise  of  employee  stock  options in Prohibition of insider trading?
What  information  should  a  listed  Company  maintain  in  its  structured  digital  database  under Regulation 3(5), in case the designated person is a fiduciary or intermediary in Prohibition of insider trading?
What fees can a portfolio manager charge  from  its  clients  for  the  services rendered by him?
Clients on-boarded  by  the  portfolio  manager  prior  to  January  21,  2020  were required to bring in minimum of Rs. 25,00,000 (Rupees twenty five lac) as their initial investment. What is the minimum amount that may be further invested (top-up) by such clients on or after January 21, 2020?
